Verifying behavioral functionality.
Alpha testing complete.
The total immersion VR game,
"Dinosaur World,"
is almost ready for release.
Five million will be awarded
to the participants
of the upcoming closed beta,
the ultimate test of
program effectiveness.
20 players will be
selected at random
to compete in our pioneering
gaming experience.
Survive the game and
share in the grand prize.
Everyone is welcome to enter
"Dinosaur World."
Have you figured out how to pay
your tuition next semester?
We've tried about everything,
but it's hopeless.
Just can't afford it.
So that's that. Game over.
See you around.
Go ahead.
No way.
Down. Go down.
Right. Move right.
- Yes!
- Let's get a drink.